            DIFFERENCE BETWEEN JAVA DEVELOPMENT KIT (JDK), JAVA RUNTIME ENVIRONMENT (JRE) AND JAVA VIRTUAL MACHINE (JVM)


Computer languages are classified as either high-level or low-level. Machine code is the only language that computers comprehend made up of 
ones and zeros. It's a machine-understandable low-level format. Humans, on the other hand, have difficulties comprehending binary since it is 
made up entirely of ones and zeros. To develop machine code, we write in a human-readable format known source code and compile it to machine 
code. The file finishes with a dot java file extension when we produce a java source code. Compiling code is the process of converting source 
code into machine code so that people and machines may communicate.


When we compile our source code into machine code, however, it becomes machine-specific. If we create source code on a Mac and compile it, we 
can only run it on a Mac; the same is true for other PCs. Although the java language offers a solution for this problem, we also have an 
intermediate stage in which we can convert our source code to byte code. Byte code is platform independent and terminates in a dot class file 
extension. Because byte code is cross-platform, you can write your source code on one computer and read it on another, but we'll need JVM's 
support to convert bytecode to machine code.

                - Java Virtual Machine (JVM)

Java Virtual Machine is an engine or a virtual machine as the name explains that helps us to run java files by converting bytecode to machine 
code. It does this in a way that different users, such as Mac Os or Windows, can be be able to run and use the source codes that one user have 
used in their computers.

                - Java Runtime Environment (JRE)

Java Runtime Environment (JRE) is a tool or a software layer that contains libraries and toolkits necessary to a java program to run. Java 
Virtual Machine is like a container of Java Virtual Machine explained above which are then embedded in Java Development Kit.

               - Java development kit (JDK)

Java development kit (JDK) contains developers tools such as Java Runtime Environment, Java Virtual Machine and others which are necessary to 
run Java application.
